Azure SQL collection and dashboard update (#4406)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/sql.md

1. [Configure and deploy the ARM Template](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/collect-metrics-azure-monitor/#step-2-configure-azure-resources-using-arm-template).
1. [Export metrics to Event Hub](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/collect-metrics-azure-monitor/#step-3-export-metrics-for-a-particular-resource-to-event-hub). Perform below steps for each Azure SQL database that you want to monitor.
   * Choose `Stream to an event hub` as destination.
   * Select all the metric types under `Metrics` section.
   * Use the Event hub namespace created by the ARM template in Step 2 above. You can create a new Event hub or use the one created by ARM template. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.

   ![diagnosticsetting.png](/img/send-data/azuresqldatabasediagnosticsetting.png)

### Configure logs collection

#### Diagnostic logs

In this section, you will configure a pipeline for shipping diagnostic logs from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) to an Event Hub.

> 1. To set up the Azure Event Hubs source in Sumo Logic, refer to [Azure Event Hubs Source for Logs](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To set up the Azure Event Hubs source in Sumo Logic, refer to the [Azure Event Hubs Source for Logs](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).
```

   * Choose `Event Hub` as the destination. Refer to the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/auditing-setup?view=azuresql#audit-to-event-hubs-destination).
   * Use the same Event hub namespace and Event hub name as configured in `Diagnostic logs` in destination details section. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-Configure-Auditing.png')} alt="Configure Auditing" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
1. By default, auditing is enabled only for the below action groups. Refer to [Azure help](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/sql-server-audit-action-groups-and-actions) for more details on supported action groups and actions.
   * "SUCCESSFUL_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP"
   * "FAILED_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP"
   * "BATCH_COMPLETED_GROUP"

>    Below command updates the audit policy with new actions using Azure CLI. If you want to use any other mechanism, refer to these [docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/create-a-server-audit-and-database-audit-specification?view=sql-server-ver16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the below command to update the audit policy with new actions using Azure CLI. If you want to use any other mechanism, refer to the [Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/create-a-server-audit-and-database-audit-specification?view=sql-server-ver16).
```

).

  ```sql title="Command to enable audit logs"
  az sql db audit-policy update --ids "/subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourceGroups/<resource_group>/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/<server name>/databases/<database name>" --actions DATABASE_PERMISSION_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_OWNERSHIP_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_ROLE_MEMBER_CHANGE_GROUP USER_CHANGE_PASSWORD_GROUP SCHEMA_OBJECT_PERMISSION_CHANGE_GROUP SCHEMA_OBJECT_OWNERSHIP_CHANGE_GROUP SCHEMA_OBJECT_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_OBJECT_CHANGE_GROUP  'SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE on database::<database name> by public'  --ehari /subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourcegroups/<resource group where event hub is present>/providers/microsoft.eventhub/namespaces/<event hub namespace>/authorizationrules/rootmanagesharedaccesskey --ehts Enabled  --state Enabled
  ```

#### Enable Automated Tuning logs

> By default, all the tuning options are not enabled, You can enable them at the server or database level by following the instructions in [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/automatic-tuning-enable?view=azuresql#azure-portal-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all the tuning options are not enabled, you can enable them at the server or database level by following the instructions in the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/automatic-tuning-enable?view=azuresql#azure-portal-1).
```

   | fields subscription_id, location, provider_name, resource_group, resource_type, resource_name, service_type,service_name
   ```
### Configure metric rules

  * **Azure Observability Metadata Extraction Service Level**

      If this rule already exists, there's no need to create it again.

      ```sql
      Rule Name: AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionServiceLevel
      ```

      ```sql title="Metric match expression"
      resourceId=/SUBSCRIPTIONS/*/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/PROVIDERS/*/*/*/*/* tenant_name=*
      ```
      | Fields extracted | Metric rule    |
      |:------------------|:----------------|
      | subscription_id  | $resourceId._1 |
      | resource_group   | $resourceId._2 |
      | provider_name    | $resourceId._3 |
      | resource_type    | $resourceId._4 |
      | resource_name    | $resourceId._5 |
      | service_type     | $resourceId._6 |
      | service_name     | $resourceId._7 |

### Configure metrics collection

In this section, you will configure a pipeline to send metrics from Azure Monitor to an Event Hub, then to an Azure Function, and finally to an HTTP Source on a hosted collector in Sumo Logic.

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

2. Search for following fields:
   - `tenant_name`. This field is tagged at the collector level and you can get the tenant name using the instructions [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/tenant-management-read-tenant-name#get-your-tenant-name).
   - `location`. The region to which the resource name belongs to.
   - `subscription_id`. Id associated with a subscription where resource is present.
   - `resource_group`. The resource group name where the Azure resource is present.
   - `provider_name`. Azure resource provider name (for example, Microsoft.Storage).
   - `resource_type`. Azure resource type (for ex storageaccounts).
   - `resource_name`. The name of the resource (for example, Azure SQL Server name).
   - `service_type`. Type of the service that can be accessed from with a azure resource.

>    - `service_name`. Services that can be accessed from within an Azure resource (for example, Azure SQL databases in Azure SQL Server).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `service_name`. Services that can be accessed from within an Azure resource (for example, Azure SQL databases in Azure SQL Server).
```

   | fields subscription_id, location, provider_name, resource_group, resource_type, resource_name, service_type,service_name
   ```
### Configure metric rules

  * **Azure Observability Metadata Extraction Service Level**

      If this rule already exists, there's no need to create it again.

      ```sql
      Rule Name: AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionServiceLevel
      ```

      ```sql title="Metric match expression"
      resourceId=/SUBSCRIPTIONS/*/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/PROVIDERS/*/*/*/*/* tenant_name=*
      ```
      | Fields extracted | Metric rule    |
      |:------------------|:----------------|
      | subscription_id  | $resourceId._1 |
      | resource_group   | $resourceId._2 |
      | provider_name    | $resourceId._3 |
      | resource_type    | $resourceId._4 |
      | resource_name    | $resourceId._5 |
      | service_type     | $resourceId._6 |
      | service_name     | $resourceId._7 |

### Configure metrics collection

In this section, you will configure a pipeline to send metrics from Azure Monitor to an Event Hub, then to an Azure Function, and finally to an HTTP Source on a hosted collector in Sumo Logic.

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer 2: should this be deleted?

2. [Configure an HTTP Source](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/collect-metrics-azure-monitor/#step-1-configure-an-http-source).

> 2. [Configure and deploy the ARM Template](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/collect-metrics-azure-monitor/#step-2-configure-azure-resources-using-arm-template).

Reviewer 2: pls fix numbering

#### Diagnostic logs

In this section, you will configure a pipeline for shipping diagnostic logs from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) to an Event Hub.

1. To set up the Azure Event Hubs source in Sumo Logic, refer to [Azure Event Hubs Source for Logs](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).
2. To create the Diagnostic settings in Azure portal, refer to the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/data-factory/monitor-configure-diagnostics). Perform below steps for each Azure SQL database that you want to monitor.
   * Choose `Stream to an event hub` as the destination.
   * Select all the log types except `SQL Security Audit Event`.
   * Use the Event hub namespace and Event hub name configured in previous step in destination details section. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.

   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-Configure-Diagnostic-Logs.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Location" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

> 3. Tag the location field in the source with right location value.
>    <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Tag-Location.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Location" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Tag the location field in the source with right location value.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Tag-Location.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Location" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
```

> 1. Tag the location field in the source with right location value.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Tag-Location.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Location" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Tag the location field in the source with right location value.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Tag-Location.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Location" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400" />
```

#### Enable SQL Security Audit logs
In this section, you will configure a pipeline for shipping diagnostic logs from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) to an Event Hub.

1. To enable the Audit logs in Azure portal, refer to the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/auditing-setup?view=azuresql#configure-auditing-for-your-server). Perform below steps for each Azure SQL database that you want to monitor.
   * Choose `Event Hub` as the destination. Refer to the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/auditing-setup?view=azuresql#audit-to-event-hubs-destination).

>    * Use the same Event hub namespace and Event hub name as configured in `Diagnostic logs` in destination details section. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.
> 
>    <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-Configure-Auditing.png')} alt="Configure Auditing" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
> 
> 1. By default, auditing is enabled only for below action groups. Refer [Azure help](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/sql-server-audit-action-groups-and-actions) for more details on supported action groups and actions.
>    * "SUCCESSFUL_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP"
>    * "FAILED_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP"
>    * "BATCH_COMPLETED_GROUP"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Use the same Event hub namespace and Event hub name as configured in `Diagnostic logs` in destination details section. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-Configure-Auditing.png')} alt="Configure Auditing" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
1. By default, auditing is enabled only for the below action groups. Refer to [Azure help](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/sql-server-audit-action-groups-and-actions) for more details on supported action groups and actions.
   * "SUCCESSFUL_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP"
   * "FAILED_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP"
   * "BATCH_COMPLETED_GROUP"
```

>    Below command updates the audit policy with new actions using azure cli. If you want to use any other mechanism refer [docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/create-a-server-audit-and-database-audit-specification?view=sql-server-ver16

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Below command updates the audit policy with new actions using Azure CLI. If you want to use any other mechanism, refer to these [docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/auditing/create-a-server-audit-and-database-audit-specification?view=sql-server-ver16).
```

).

  ```sql title="Command to enable audit logs"
  az sql db audit-policy update --ids "/subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourceGroups/<resource_group>/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/<server name>/databases/<database name>" --actions DATABASE_PERMISSION_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_OWNERSHIP_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_ROLE_MEMBER_CHANGE_GROUP USER_CHANGE_PASSWORD_GROUP SCHEMA_OBJECT_PERMISSION_CHANGE_GROUP SCHEMA_OBJECT_OWNERSHIP_CHANGE_GROUP SCHEMA_OBJECT_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_CHANGE_GROUP DATABASE_OBJECT_CHANGE_GROUP  'SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE on database::<database name> by public'  --ehari /subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourcegroups/<resource group where event hub is present>/providers/microsoft.eventhub/namespaces/<event hub namespace>/authorizationrules/rootmanagesharedaccesskey --ehts Enabled  --state Enabled
  ```

#### Enable Automated Tuning logs

> By default all the tuning options are not enabled, you can enable it at server or database level by following the instructions in [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/automatic-tuning-enable?view=azuresql#azure-portal-1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, all the tuning options are disabled. You can enable them at the server or database level by following the instructions in [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/automatic-tuning-enable?view=azuresql#azure-portal-1).
```

Author: didn't changed from `all the tuning options are not enabled` ->  `all the tuning options are disabled` since some options are enabled by default.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-Automated-Tuning.png')} alt="Configure Automated Tuning" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

#### Activity Logs

> To collect activity logs, follow the instructions [here](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/audit). Do not perform this step in case you are already collecting activity logs for a subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To collect activity logs, follow the instructions [here](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/audit). If you are already collecting activity logs for a subscription, do not perform this step.
```

:::note

> Since this source contains logs from multiple regions make sure that you do not tag this source with the location tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since this source contains logs from multiple regions, make sure that you do not tag this source with the location tag.
```

:::

:::note

> For Security events, make sure you enable [Microsoft Defender for Cloud](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/azure-defender-for-sql?view=azuresql#enable-microsoft-defender-for-sql). If you have an existing settings click on Edit Settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Security events, make sure you enable [Microsoft Defender for Cloud](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/azure-defender-for-sql?view=azuresql#enable-microsoft-defender-for-sql). If you have an existing settings, click **Edit Settings**.
```

You must explicitly enable diagnostic settings for each Azure SQL database that you want to monitor. You can forward logs to the same event hub provided they satisfy the limitations and permissions as described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/diagnostic-settings?tabs=portal#destination-limitations).

When you configure the event hubs source or HTTP source, plan your source category to ease the querying process. A hierarchical approach allows you to make use of wildcards. For example: `Azure/SQL/Logs`, `Azure/SQL/ActivityLogs` `Azure/SQL/Metrics`.

### Configure field in field schema
1. <!--Kanso [**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). Kanso--> In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Logs > Fields**. <!--Kanso <br/>[**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-new/). In the top menu select **Configuration**, and then under **Logs** select **Fields**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Fields**. Kanso-->
2. Search for following fields:

>    - `tenant_name`. This field is tagged at the collector level and users can get the tenant name using the instructions here https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/tenant-management-read-tenant-name#get-your-tenant-name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `tenant_name`. This field is tagged at the collector level and you can get the tenant name using the instructions [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/tenant-management-read-tenant-name#get-your-tenant-name).
```

   - `location`. The region to which the resource name belongs to.
   - `subscription_id`. Id associated with a subscription where resource is present.
   - `resource_group`. The resource group name where the Azure resource is present.

>    - `provider_name`. Azure resource provider name (for  ex Microsoft.Storage).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `provider_name`. Azure resource provider name (for example, Microsoft.Storage).
```

   - `resource_type`. Azure resource type (for ex storageaccounts).

>    - `resource_name`. The name of the resource (for ex Azure SQL Server name).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `resource_name`. The name of the resource (for example, Azure SQL Server name).
```

   - `service_type`. Type of the service that can be accessed from with a azure resource.

>    - `service_name`. Services that can be accessed from within a azure resource (Ex Azure SQL databases in Azure SQL Server).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `service_name`. Services that can be accessed from within a azure resource (for example, Azure SQL databases in Azure SQL Server).
```

3. Create the fields if it is not present. Refer to [create and manage fields](/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).

### Configure Field Extraction Rules

> Create a Field Extraction Rule (FER) by following the instructions [here](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule/). If the FER alredy exists with same name then skip this step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a Field Extraction Rule (FER) by following the instructions [here](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule/). If the FER already exists with same name, then skip this step.
```

   | if (isBlank(location), "global", location) as location
   | fields location
   ```

* **Resource ID Extraction FER**

   ```sql
   Rule Name: AzureResourceIdExtractionFER
   Applied at: Ingest Time
   Scope (Specific Data): tenant_name=*
   ```

   ```sql title="Parse Expression"
   json "resourceId"
   | toUpperCase(resourceId) as resourceId
   | parse regex field=resourceId "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/(?<subscription_id>[^/]+)" nodrop
   | parse field=resourceId "/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/" as resource_group nodrop
   | parse regex field=resourceId "/PROVIDERS/(?<provider_name>[^/]+)" nodrop
   | parse regex field=resourceId "/PROVIDERS/[^/]+(?:/LOCATIONS/[^/]+)?/(?<resource_type>[^/]+)/(?<resource_name>.+)" nodrop
   | parse regex field=resource_name "(?<parent_resource_name>[^/]+)(?:/PROVIDERS/[^/]+)?/(?<service_type>[^/]+)/?(?<service_name>.+)" nodrop
   | if (isBlank(parent_resource_name), resource_name, parent_resource_name) as resource_name
   | fields subscription_id, location, provider_name, resource_group, resource_type, resource_name, service_type,service_name
   ```
### Configure metric rules

  * **Azure Observability Metadata Extraction Metric Rule Service Level**

>       In case this rule is already exists then no need to create again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      If this rule already exists, there's no need to create it again.
```

      ```sql

>       Rule Name: AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionServiceLevel

Reviewer 2: Should this be `AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionMetricRuleServiceLevel`?

Author: actually it was making the Rule name very big, unfortunately we do not have any shortform for metric rules similar to FER for Field Extraction Rules.

Reviewer 2: Oh I see. Yes that would be reeeeally long haha.

      ```

      ```sql title="Metric match expression"
      resourceId=/SUBSCRIPTIONS/*/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/PROVIDERS/*/*/*/*/* tenant_name=*
      ```
      | Fields extracted | Metric rule    |

>       |------------------|----------------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      |:------------------|:----------------|
```

      | subscription_id  | $resourceId._1 |
      | resource_group   | $resourceId._2 |
      | provider_name    | $resourceId._3 |
      | resource_type    | $resourceId._4 |
      | resource_name    | $resourceId._5 |
      | service_type     | $resourceId._6 |
      | service_name     | $resourceId._7 |

### Configure metrics collection

> In this section, you will configure a pipeline for shipping metrics from Azure Monitor to an Event Hub, on to an Azure Function, and finally to an HTTP Source on a hosted collector in Sumo Logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, you will configure a pipeline to send metrics from Azure Monitor to an Event Hub, then to an Azure Function, and finally to an HTTP Source on a hosted collector in Sumo Logic.
```

> 1. Create hosted collector and tag tenant_name field
>    <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Tag-Tenant-Name.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Tenant Name" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create hosted collector and tag `tenant_name` field.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Tag-Tenant-Name.png')} alt="Azure Storage Tag Tenant Name" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
```

### Policy and Recommendations

The **Azure SQL - Policy and Recommendations** dashboard provides information of all effect action operations performed by Azure Policy and recommendations events from Azure Advisor.

Use this dashboard to:
    * Monitor policy events with warnings and errors.
    * View recent failed policy events.
    * View total recommendation events.
    * Identify High Impact recommendations.
    * View recent recommendation events and navigate to the affected resource.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-policy-and-recommendation.png')} alt="Azure SQL - Policy and Recommendations dashboard" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

### Administrative Operations

The **Azure SQL - Administrative Operations** dashboard provides details on read/write/delete specific changes, different operations used, top 10 operations that caused most errors, and users performing admin operations.

Use this dashboard to:
    * Identify top users performing administrative operations.
    * View Top 10 operations that caused the most errors.

>     * View recent read, write and delete operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * View recent read, write, and delete operations.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-SQL-Admin-Operations.png')} alt="Azure SQL Administrative Operations dashboard" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

### SQL Security Audit

> The **Azure SQL - SQL Security Audit** dashboard provides audit information on server level events, and database level events including DML and DDL statements executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Azure SQL - SQL Security Audit** dashboard provides audit information on server level events and database level events including DML and DDL statements executed.
```

Use this dashboard to:
    * Identify failed login and their geo locations.

>     * View recent DDL, DML, DQL and TCL statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * View recent DDL, DML, DQL, and TCL statements.
```
